Ob/v3 (#1)
orbiting/gsheets: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 3.0.0

### Breaking

> Due to google sunsetting the previous docs API, gsheets 3.0.0 now uses the official sheets API v4, which requires an **API_KEY** in your .env file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to google shutting down the previous spreadsheet API, gsheets 3.0.0 now uses the [official sheets API v4](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/reference/rest), which requires an **API_KEY**. You may provide it via the environment or a `.env` file when using the CLI.
```

I'd avoid google PR speech of sunsetting :D
